added nextjs youtube tutoiral link (#9992)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-ml.md

#### Next.JS

* [Next.js Material UI Malayalam Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5Y_OOpi0rh0VAfV9Lz7gTdxhPTkmNxeC) -  Tutorial Hut

> * [Next JS 13 - 2023 Malayalam Tutorial For Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIIsaNyQRak&list=PLCOzHVsG8mkoY7JQC44AkhsIQnN_f_-aS) -  Web diary

Reviewer: For youtube, we prefer "playlist" links and the name of the producer/creator. docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#platforms-and-access-notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Next JS For Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCOzHVsG8mkoY7JQC44AkhsIQnN_f_-aS) -  Web diary
```
